well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today's gonna be a little bit
different obviously can't film in the
shop
big storm came in um
so today we had another one of those
situations last night right
we're not actually going to talk about
the situation we're going to talk about
something related to the situation but a
little bit separate from it
this video is for people who look like
me and sound like me
my people white country folk
because any time one of these situations
happens and by situation i mean the cops
go a little bit too far and by a little
bit too far i mean a whole lot too far
hop on facebook and you make your little
post
and you get four or five likes from
people you know
people who actually live around you from
your actual physical community
and you get a whole bunch of likes and
comments and shares from people you've
never met
and see i think that's leading to uh
leading to a misunderstanding of how
popular those opinions are
among people like me
big storm right it's first storm of the
season
everybody knows the real big ones are
going to come later so today
starting last night people started
calling each other making sure
everything everybody was okay everybody
had what they needed
for the big storms coming later talking
to a friend i'm like hey you heading
over to
person x's house and he just says nah
no explanation because i don't need one
i know why he's not going
same reason i'm not
see your community your physical
community
they see those posts those are not
popular opinions
we also see the posts where you're like
oh poor lavoy
poor randy oh but that person that's got
even the slightest bit of a tan
oh they should have just accepted that
life and death game assignment says the
cops challenge him too
they should have complied nobody should
resist
meanwhile you can say that on facebook
because they don't know you however i
was with you when you got hit in the
head with a maglite for resisting
people who live in the country
we tend to be anti-authoritarian
we like the freedom that comes with
living out away from
everybody we rely on each other
we rely on principle if your principles
are so uh weak that that they can be
overridden
by skin tone something that superficial
they're not really your principles
are they it's just something you say
and if it's just something you say you
can't really be trusted can you
and you know what that means in a
community like this
nobody wants to be around you nobody
wants anything to do with you
nobody's going to help you because you
can't be
trusted you can have different
principles
sit around and argue about that all day
long as long as you stick to them
but if you're you're don't tread on me
but that only applies to certain color
people
we know that's not really your principle
your real principle is something else
and every time this happens that mask
slips a little bit
we don't like it these are not popular
opinions anymore
you need to remember hollywood gave
people like us
two shows one about a law man didn't
even carry a gun
and one about guys who well the entire
show was about them resisting
and you pretend you love it because it
gives you an excuse to have that stupid
flag
no no no i'm not really like that i just
really like dukes of hazard
meanwhile you're out there cheerleading
for boss hog
we all see it it changes people's
opinion of you
because what it tells us is that you
don't have any principles
not anything that you'd stand for
you need to remember where you come from
you need to remember that moonshiners
they they were the original defund the
police
not paying taxes going out of their way
you need to remember that the term
redneck
one of the more likely places it came
from
had to do with organized labor
unions collective bargaining
communities coming together all that
stuff that now you're like oh no no no
that's bad that
that's marxism
nothing changed nothing changed
except you you let facebook
you let some dude with a red hat change
who you
are on a level so deep
that those people who know you in real
life
don't want anything to do with you i
don't know that they changed
either i think it just made you show it
either way you better see if those
people on facebook come help you with
the storm
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day